[DO NOT MERGE UNTIL THE FEATURE IS RELEASED] MP-5722: Merchant switcher (#395)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/dev/feature-walkthroughs/202108.0/merchant-switcher-feature-walkthrough.md

---
title: Merchant Switcher feature walkthrough
last_updated: Sep 29, 2021
description: This article provides technical details on the Merchant Switcher feature.
template: merchant-switcher-feature-walkthrough
---

With the *Merchant Switcher* feature, the customers can select an active merchant so that he can only see products and offers which belong to this merchant.

> Has been created plugins to check that chosen merchant is equal in all items in Cart, Quote, Checkout modules.
> So if merchant is not equal the item replaces with offer or merchant product from owned to chosen merchant.
> If  the system doesn't have suitable items, a customer will see the error or warning about these items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature modules provide plugins to validate merchant in a quote on cart and checkout as well as in wishlist items.
So if merchant is not equal - finds substitution for items depending on the chosen merchant.
If  the system doesn't have suitable items, a customer will see the error or warning about these items.
```
As I understand it also works with wishlist, right?

## Module dependency graph
![Entity Diagram](https://confluence-connect.gliffy.net/embed/image/8db03d24-88d4-4715-a5e1-afae4f2ff8ca.png?utm_medium=live&utm_source=confluence)

> 

Reviewer: - MerchantSearch  doesn't belong to this feature
- MerchantSwitcher doesn't depend on Checkout
- MerchantSwitcher provides functionality by introducing some plugins for Checkout, Cart, Wishlist so maybe we need to add extension modules to diagram instead for better context understanding?
- please add an optional module

Author: updated.

| MODULE     | DESCRIPTION                |
|------------|----------------------------|
| MerchantSearch | Manages Elasticsearch documents for merchant entities   |

> | MerchantSwitcher | Provides functionality for switching merchant in a quote and in quote items   |

Reviewer: please mention a wishlist in description

Author: fixed.

| MerchantSwitcherWidget | Allows to select a merchant from an active merchants list and store the selected merchant data   |

## Related Developer articles

| INTEGRATION GUIDES | GLUE API GUIDES  |
| ------------- | -------------- |

> | [Marketplace Wishlist feature integration](/docs/marketplace/dev/feature-integration-guides/{{page.version}}/merchant-switcher-feature-integration.html) | [Managing wishlists](/docs/marketplace/dev/glue-api-guides/{{page.version}}/wishlists/managing-wishlists.html)

Reviewer: why wishlist?
